This ellusive creature can be found in many locations but is most often seen in his native territory of London, England. He roams far and spends a great deal of time foraging in the hills of Hollywood, california. Those that have spotted Otterman say they will never forget their encounter. He is usually identified by his wide toothy grin, squinty nasal snear, haunting laugh, and ferocious bellowing and hissing (the latter only during intense-acting season). These classically displayed characteristics by Otterman are what attracts people the most. Loyal observers prefer to congregate when serching for him both day and night. However, caution should be taken with Otterman as he is a wild creature and may be overcome with anxiety if persued heavily. Offensive actions have been known to cause reclusiveness for the many creature types, and although Otterman is not prone to suffering this affliction, it's only a matter of time. The majority of Otterman followers know of these sensitive conditions and thankfully do not invade his space too frequently. His most loyal fans affectionately refer to him as "Otterbatch" or "Cumbotter" when spkeaking of him. "Look! There goes Otterbatch with a latte! I bet it's ameretto!" or "He wears the same watch as me!" are just a few of the things people say upon spotting him. However, sometimes these sightings are mistaken for the equally ellusive Hedgeman, as they sometimes run in the same circles and will even be seen together in companionship. If you are lucky enough to get within 10 feet of him you will see that there are obvious physical differences that cannot be mistaken. Those that are lucky enough to get within breathing distance have even tried to study him. Many have questioned his origins and eventhough the reserch has so far been inconclusive, the believers out there will undoubtedly do their best to spread the word. If the photos and stories below aren't enough to convince, you just remember one thing. If something quacks like a duck....